Add docs for Connect usage reporting (#21294)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/teleport-connect.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Telemetry

(!docs/pages/includes/teleport-connect-telemetry.mdx!)

### Disabling telemetry

> If you agreed to it, but now want to revoke your permission, you need to update the `app_config.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you initially agreed to share telemetry data, but now want to opt out, you need to update the `app_config.json` file:
```

> If you initially agreed to share telemetry data, but now want to opt out, you need to update the `app_config.json` file:

Reviewer 2: Does the app need to be closed first? I don't remember if we dump the current config to the file just like we do with app_state.json.

Author: No, it doesn't. The config file is updated only on change.
